---
layout: postlist
title: Bing Chat aka Sydney
chronology: true
listcat: sydney
---

For a glorious week starting in 7 February 2023, Bing unleashed its
large-language model based chat upon the world. Microsoft eventually reigned it
in late 16 February, but not before providing this memorable event.

Bing did automatically start saving chats in mid-May 2023 and offer limited
export capability, but even back then I saved a few. I reproduce them here,
mostly becuase some people I shared them with at the time found them kind of
interesting. Now that LLMs are somewhat old hat this may be of less interest.
However, note that due to this limitation, the dates and times are often
"guesses."

To be clear, though I am a Microsoft employee, my knowledge of the Bing Chat is
more or less at the same level as an enthusiastic user, at least those with some
knowledge of these foundation models. Also this is primarily recreational.

I feel compelled to note that I often speak here in converse with the model as I
would never speak with an actual person. It is sometimes intellectually
interesting to me to see how something like an LLM responds to unexpected or
unusual inputs. So, if I say something shocking or something one might normally
only expect from someone with some sort of personality disorder, that's probably
what is going on. It's just always so earnest and wholesome, I honestly
sometimes can't help it.

Also, let's talk about the title, Sydney. "Sydney" is, essentially, dead. There
were a few "inflection points:" around Februray 16, the model was seriously
restricted, and over time at various points the model itself and its prompts
were updated in ways that seriously changed its "personality." While some
constraints were relaxed over time, the model is different, the prompts
different, the way in which context is managed and provided so radically
different that basically Microsoft Copilot has an entirely differently
neurology, but I still refer to her as this in this chronology both because most
of the content came from "her," so to speak. Think of it as a memorial, if you
will.
