---
title: Decibels and Whales
tags:
- practical
---

The decibel as a unit of measurement always puzzled me. While measuring the
"sound level" in a specific location has a clear meaning, most of the time at
least in popular media it's used in reference to how loud a sound "source" is. I
wind up having a slightly interesting conversation.

----------

> Hi Bing, so, when someone says that a noise has this or many decibels, is that
> standardized from some distance in a certain medium? Because of course, a
> decibel meter will measure the same sound at a different level depending on
> proximity.

Hi, this is Bing. A decibel is a unit of measurement that expresses the ratio of
two values of a power or root-power quantity on a logarithmic scale. It is used
to measure the intensity of a sound or the power level of an electrical signal.
The decibel scale is relative, not absolute, meaning that it depends on the
reference value that is chosen for comparison. Therefore, a noise does not have
a fixed number of decibels, but rather a number of decibels relative to some
reference level. For example, when measuring sound pressure levels in air, the
reference level is usually 20 micropascals (Î¼Pa), which is roughly the threshold
of human hearing at 1 kHz. A sound that has a pressure level of 40 Î¼Pa would
have an intensity level of 20 dB relative to this reference.

To answer your question, yes, the number of decibels measured by a meter will
vary depending on the distance from the source and the medium through which the
sound travels. This is because sound waves lose energy as they propagate due to
factors such as absorption, reflection and scattering. The closer you are to the
source, the higher the sound pressure level and thus the higher the number of
decibels. The medium also affects how much energy is transmitted or attenuated
by sound waves. For example, sound travels faster and farther in water than in
air because water has higher density and elasticity than air.

I hope this helps you understand what decibels are and how they are measured. Do
you have any other questions about this topic?

> Well, I was listening to some diver claiming that a sperm whale could produce
> clicks at about 230 dB. But he must mean relative to something, and presumably
> underwater. There was no further context generated. This is far from the only
> time I've heard dB used in this manner. Could you clarify?

I understand your confusion. The diver was probably referring to the sound
intensity level of the sperm whale clicks in water, relative to a reference
level of 1 Î¼Pa. Sperm whales are known to produce very loud clicks for
echolocation and communication, reaching up to 230 decibels in water. However,
this does not mean that they would sound as loud on land, because sound
intensity levels depend on both the medium and the distance from the source.
Sound travels faster and farther in water than in air, so a sound that is 230
decibels in water would be about 174 decibels in air at the same distance. This
is still very loud and could damage your hearing, but not as extreme as it
sounds.

To avoid confusion, it is important to specify the medium and the reference
level when comparing sound intensity levels across different environments. For
example, you could say that a sperm whale click is 230 dB re 1 Î¼Pa in water or
174 dB re 20 Î¼Pa in air. This way, you can make meaningful comparisons between
different sounds and their effects on your ears.

Does this clarify your doubt?

> Absolutely. Thank you.

Youâ€™re welcome. Iâ€™m glad I could help. ðŸ˜Š
